Implement undo and redo (#212)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/dev/src/development/add-new-editor.md

Optional<SDocument> doc = projectManager.getDocument(documentID);
```

See the [Data model](./data-model/#reacting-to-changes) section on how to listen to changes on the document.

## Changing the document

You can manipulate the document graph returned by the `ProjectManager` directly using the Salt API.
Every change via the Salt API will automatically be recorded to enable undoing and redoing the changes.

> A user interaction that manipulates the document graph can consist of multiple Salt API calls and you must mark the end of a user interaction by calling the `addCheckpoint()` function of the injected `ProjectManager` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user interaction that manipulates the document graph can consist of multiple Salt API calls, each one of which may potentially lead to inconsistent states. You must therefore mark the end of a user interaction by calling the `addCheckpoint()` function of an injected `ProjectManager` instance.
```

I think this change suggestion better explains why you actually need to add checkpoints, but feel free to edit.
